Update configure-unit-tests-by-using-a-dot-runsettings-file.md (#8918)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/test/configure-unit-tests-by-using-a-dot-runsettings-file.md

|**DeploymentEnabled**|true|If you set the value to **false**, deployment items that you've specified in your test method aren't copied to the deployment directory.|
|**CaptureTraceOutput**|true|You can write to the debug trace from your test method using <xref:System.Diagnostics.Trace.WriteLine%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.|
|**EnableBaseClassTestMethodsFromOtherAssemblies**|true|A value indicating whether to enable discovery of test methods from base classes in a different assembly from the inheriting test class.|

> |**ClassCleanupLifecycle**|EndOfClass|If you want the class cleanup to occur at the end of assembly, set this to **EndOfAssembly**. (No longer supported starting from MSTest v4 as EndOfClass is the default and only ClassCleanup behavior)|

Reviewer: @engyebrahim Can we make "ClassCleanup" a link?

> |**ClassCleanupLifecycle**|EndOfClass|If you want the class cleanup to occur at the end of assembly, set this to **EndOfAssembly**. (No longer supported starting from MSTest v4 as EndOfClass is the default and only ClassCleanup behavior)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**ClassCleanupLifecycle**|EndOfClass|If you want the class cleanup to occur at the end of assembly, set this to **EndOfAssembly**. (No longer supported starting from MSTest v4 as EndOfClass is the default and only <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.ClassCleanupAttribute> behavior)|
```
